- [Instructor] Thank you so much for spending time
with me on this course, I really hope
that it was of great help to you.
There are many third party libraries that we have,
Google Gson, Jackson, and we saw JSON-B today.
JSON-B would definitely be preferred,
because it comes with the Enterprise edition platform
there as a standard now.
Now these data formats keep evolving.
It was XML first, then came JSON,
and now there's a new thing which is called
Protocol Buffers that Google has come up with.
That's the official page of Protocol Buffers,
and that's again a language neutral,
platform neutral, extensible mechanism
for serializing structured data.
It's really good to go through this documentation
and find out what more in this.
So, until we meet next time, enjoy coding.